yit their internet people it's boullion
so tonight we're gonna talk about that
letter that love letter from Donald
Trump to Nancy Pelosi the first thing
you have to ask with anything with Trump
is why why on earth would he send this
right now it seems odd you could say it
is what it is on its face a letter kind
of begging Nancy Pelosi not to impeach
him but that doesn't sound like Trump
not to me if it was a normal president
you could say that he was hoping to have
that in the historical record to defend
his good name I think Trump's away past
that I don't think he cares about his
legacy somebody could say it's there to
invigorate his base doesn't seem likely
either we know he uses Twitter because
it's short catchy slogans and sayings he
knows his base wouldn't read six pages
I'm only the bet if you go to Fox News
they're using quotes to talk about it
so who's the intended recipient I think
it's Republicans in the Senate I think
he's trying to invigorate them because
while the polls show an even split
basically half won in god half don't the
numbers go up and down a little bit but
it's all within the margin of error and
that may seem to bode well it really
doesn't not if you look at the long term
because those Senate Republicans they're
not stupid they understand the only
reason those numbers are staying up is
because he's got a massive campaign
muddying the waters constantly and that
campaign can't be ongoing forever once
he's out of office all of this stuff is
gonna come out I'm not even just talking
about Ukraine or Russia golf even a
hundred million dollars on golf not all
of that went to the clubs but a lot of
it did and a lot of those clubs were hit
man that seems a little unethical to me
especially when you're a president
bragging about donating your salary but
you're spending millions in your own
clubs personally profiting from the
taxpayers once this all comes out in one
year or five years
how are those Republicans in the Senate
going to be viewed if they defended him
till the end I only have two choices
they're either dumb they got duped or
they were complicit neither one of those
sounds like very appealing legacies but
see it's not really about legacy to them
either because they want to stay that
can stay a lot longer than Trump can but
that's gonna make it hard to get
reelected being dumb or being a criminal
it's gonna make it harder it's not
enough to make a little publican cast
their vote for a Democrat but they
certainly might vote for somebody else
in a primary
who wants a senator who was tricked I
don't know that the Republican wall of
unity or whatever weird term they use
the other day is as strong as the
president would like people to believe
we may find out that that wall is as
strong as his wall on the southern
border doesn't take much to get through
it and I think he may be a little
worried about that there may be some
internal cracks showing and he's trying
to shore those up before the big day so
he can remain unscathed while the
Republicans in the Senate suffer the
wrath after he's gone anyway
it's just thought y'all have a good
night